Documentation updates (#1391)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/using-turing/advanced.md

Distributions.logpdf(d::Flat, x::AbstractVector{<:Real}) = zero(x)
```

## Update the accumulated log probability in the model definition

> Turing accumulates log probabilities internally in an internal datastructure that is accessible through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turing accumulates log probabilities internally in an internal data structure that is accessible through
```

that increases the accumulated log probability. For instance, this allows you to
[include arbitrary terms in the likelihood](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/issues/1332)

```julia
using Turing

myloglikelihood(x, μ) = loglikelihood(Normal(μ, 1), x)

@model function demo(x)
    μ ~ Normal()
    Turing.@addlogprob! myloglikelihood(x, μ)
end
```

and to [reject samples](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/issues/1328):

```julia
using Turing
using LinearAlgebra

@model function demo(x)
    m ~ MvNormal(length(x))
    if dot(m, x) < 0
        Turing.@addlogprob! -Inf
        # Exit the model evaluation early
        return
    end
    
    x ~ MvNormal(m, 1.0)
    return
end
```

Note that `@addlogprob!` always increases the accumulated log probability, regardless of the provided
sampling context. For instance, if you do not want to apply `Turing.@addlogprob!` when evaluating the
prior of your model but only when computing the log likelihood and the log joint probability, then you
should [check the type of the internal variable `_context`](https://github.com/TuringLang/DynamicPPL.jl/issues/154)
such as

```julia

> if !isa(_context, Turing.PriorContext)

Reviewer: Nice tips!

  @. x ~ Normal(m, sqrt(s))
end

model = gdemo([1.5, 2.0])
```

is equivalent to the macro-free version

```julia
using Turing

# Create the model function.
function modelf(rng, model, varinfo, sampler, context, x)
    # Assume s has an InverseGamma distribution.
    s = Turing.DynamicPPL.tilde_assume(
        rng,
        context,
        sampler,
        InverseGamma(2, 3),
        Turing.@varname(s),
        (),
        varinfo,
    )
    
    # Assume m has a Normal distribution.
    m = Turing.DynamicPPL.tilde_assume(
        rng,
        context,
        sampler,
        Normal(0, sqrt(s)),
        Turing.@varname(m),
        (),
        varinfo,
    )

    # Observe each value of x[i] according to a Normal distribution.
    Turing.DynamicPPL.dot_tilde_observe(context, sampler, Normal(m, sqrt(s)), x, varinfo)
end

# Instantiate a Model object with our data variables.

> model = Turing.Model(modelf, (x = [1.5, 2.0],))

Reviewer: In the future, we should consider to turn these into a docstring test.
